Revise docs for removal of GCE Persistent Disk volume type (#44569)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes.md

kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  name: standard
provisioner: your-provisioner
volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
allowedTopologies:
- matchLabelExpressions:
  - key: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
    values:
    - zone1
    - zone2
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here's an outline of some important fields within the [StorageClass](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/config-and-storage-resources/storage-class-v1/) API:

```

- `provisioner`: See [`Provisioner`](/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/#provisioner) for details.
- `allowedTopologies`: Defines the constraints for the allowed topologies. In this example, it's based on zone.

> - `matchLabelExpressions`: Specify label expressions to enable a node to be considered part of the allowed topology. For example, the node must have a label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` with a value of either `zone1` or `zone2`.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
- `matchLabelExpressions`: Specify selectors to enable a node to be considered
  part of the allowed topology.
  In the example manifest, PersistentVolumes for this StorageClass must have a label
  `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`,   with a label value of either `zone1` or `zone2`.
```
